[Music] There
's an iron where the one who
leaks everything about Alba
Carrillo and Jorge Pérez to TV is born.
Let's see. Excuse me, eh, excuse me. For God's sake, let's see
who leaks. Look, no, because I'm
drinking Coca-Cola here, it seems like I'm
going to appear. I don't know who's going to
appear. Okay, no, no, that's enough. The
thing is, I don't know, well, the question is, I don't know if you know
that they make a lot of memes about us YouTubers. They're going to give you
memes. Ah, it doesn't matter, it does
n't matter, well, listen to me, who
leaks it? Well, obviously the first ones who
leak are the ones who
recorded it, that is, those present there. That's why
we know the material and their videos,
obviously. Let's see. Let's see. This is the
same modus operandi that they
always use. I don't know what
surprises people that the people here are
clear about. Pepa Beltrán, a kiss, I'm going
to Tarifa with you whenever you want, no, if you
're in Tarifa, but I'm leaving, long live the
good weather and long live Tarifa, but
right now, my daughter. Look,
look. Well, I'm freezing for
you,
days in Jerez.
By the way, how wonderful Jerez de la
Frontera, long live Lola Flores.  let's
see this is a televised plot
that is very easy to understand because it is
clear that the modus operandi I already knew
that Jorge Pérez was going to be the scalded
at all times at all times the
intention is that it is a televised plot
that goes in small doses for days in doses
another man you are not going to tell everything the
first day because if not on the fourth day we
talked about then it will go little by little by
little by little little by little and yes it
is true that Alba is a
real aunt is that I know her super she has
her bad things Because she has them but it is
very real so it surprises me that
knowing her she is capable of dosing in
so many doses and in so many little pills all
the information because she is already a hurricane
she bursts out and when she bursts out she bursts out with everything so
I don't know if there is someone who
is also holding her back a little or
what but it is true that we
have to take this as television
but since they are exposed I am going to give my
opinion because they are public figures
So I think it is a story full
of traditions and that in my real life I would
not want to have a friend
absolutely Like  no one in this whole
story not even a couple are
going to see you also I'm going to also I'm
going to tell you one thing Jorge what has he done
wrong Jorge Well apart from the obvious
obviously he is the main
culprit the main culprit for having
cheated on his wife is what he is
doing wrong now is I think he is
being people are going to turn on me
But I'm going to explain I think he is
being very unprofessional I'm going to
explain why no longer not for the mere
fact of not going to your
workplace that he is not doing it because he is
not going there It is midday with
who he has a contract with he usually goes one
or two days a week in fact he is the
only guy on the program okay And what is
happening that for once he has a
plot if he decides not to enter nobody is going to
force him to enter that plot But you
talk to your production company pick up the
phone that he is not doing it And say
Hey this this this this this when
production calls you pick up the phone that I
know you are not picking it up realize Hey I'm
sorry guys Thank you for such but I
want to be there for a week I think he is not
doing things well I also understand
that the situation that is  passing he
is used to talking about
other people he talked about his infidelity in
ño nieva and now it's time to talk about his own
and he's not that happy about it I can
understand I can understand that he wants to take
refuge but I think he's not
doing it right but of course in the end
Jorge is right now
in the spotlight we're going to
question him if he doesn't do anything because he doesn't do anything if he
talks because he's a liar Wait
this man gives me a little yuiyu but just a
second eh
things about the live show There it is, there it is, there are some
very strange people in
this city I don't want to live here or
is itbeautiful
really I'm telling you because wow the
work today on the street today he's doing
some work here on the street I wish I were
at an event or something or somewhere
Of course if this were to Spain but I'm not
going to ask people in Denmark
about Rocío Carrasco can you imagine well
maybe it continues no Well, you never
know now you never know Well then what's
going on Alba on her side let's see I
think also yesterday there was a live show with
Leti with Adriana from Ana Rosa that I
love them  especially Lety, I've worked
with her for a long time
before him, in total,
they are super good and they have
always gotten along very well with Alba, what happens is that I think Alba is in a display of sincerity because the girl does not hold back even with glass. Well, I think that she has already revealed, I think from the empathic point of view, on the other hand, she
has revealed things that maybe she should not have
revealed, such as intimacy,
that if he is a stud, that if he still
has more things to tell, then that is
why I tell you that everything is very
dosed and that there comes a point where,
for example, at the beginning I say I support Alba,
the first day, uh, I said because it is that
really she that I would not have done it,
I do not believe, I do not put my hand in the
fire that I would not have approached
someone who is in a good house or yes, I do not
know because it is that, well, my life is a
picture but we go
in that premeditated way, but of
course I think that Alba, as
events are unfolding, is
like losing veracity, no Or what what
seemed like a vindictive girl to
say, damn, Well look  I was single, I think,
with what she's been telling with
those details, and also, I'm missing
work supposedly because of
an anxiety attack, which Alba, this thing
of not going places, she's done many
times on Telecinco, in fact, she was
penalized more than once for missing
her post. Yes, yes, yes, I know, yes, yes, yes, yes, I
love her very much, I
have a lot of affection for her, I can't say I don't
love her very much either. I mean, I love
my mother very much but I have a lot of
appreciation for her but it's not the first time that
these things have happened to Alba and it's
true that they have always allowed it.
So she's very impulsive, for better or
for worse, and that takes its toll on her. And I think
today, I don't know to what extent. It's not that I
doubt Alba, but I find it hard to believe
that she's talking about an anxiety attack
when, [ __ ], we've seen her all these
days on her Instagram lives
doing family stories, which I
think is great, but no, no,
the story doesn't really fit. I'm surprised maybe it's
even a strategy of the
program itself. Gosh, Alba
is also bad. Let's empathize with
her. I don't know because this is television
and the people who are  here we can't
forget that it's television then
Marta López with whom I also get along
very well has already talked a lot but yes
to say that the aunt is trying It's that she
is also trying to do
things well but the more you
try to do them well the more they see her
small mistakes no Why Because
that of selling I am trying to protect
protect another But what a coincidence that
now Jorge has failed me Then I know
that I am telling the truth no Now that we
join the easy bandwagon which is that of
Team Alba Marta López that also let's
remember that the first one who spoke about
this subject that she has told us today was
Isabel Rábago that has not been named and that has
not been named today at the party
I don't know the reason okay okay
always together Pau pau lots of
kisses No darling kiss queen Thank you very much
How beautiful the people
and what is it that I was saying Ah that I think
that man I think Marta is
the most benefited Look I was talking to a
marketing expert the other day who
told me the most benefited is without a doubt
Alicia because they have increased 60,000
almost 60,000 followers on Instagram that
already  I would like it okay No no a
lot of course from people who didn't
know her the morbid thing that then I suppose that
when this story ends half of them will
stop following her but if Jorge says
Jorge stays
what I'm going to teach you Well I also
learn from you about journalism
but I'll teach you these tricks Also total
total do you
know if Alicia's Instagram account these
days has been private or
public you know what I mean there are
times when I perfectly have no
idea look you got me you got me
completely because I tell you because many
times it's a trick when something big happens you
put the account on private and the people
who want to see what you're posting
will follow you they have no choice but to follow me I mean
for example I can see your account
without following you now I understand you You have to
follow me I understand you
perfectly I understand you perfectly good good
appreciation that's what he also
told me is that Jorge that Alba more or
less maintains and that Jorge very slightly
increases because yes it's true that
lately Jorge's Followers
increased 20 30 per day for someone who
is  on television it is very little
because it is true that Jorge for
me is not a television character nor one that
draws attention Beyond the
plot that he has now, sincerely,
the boy is very good But for me up to there he
has many qualities but I think
opinion that as as for me Well, I do
not like him well Okay then the biggest
beneficiary for me Marta López Hey
Marta López let's see Marta López I'll
explain why I'll explain why
right now Marta López was going I think she was
going if I'm not mistaken One day a week
sálvame now she is going three beeches at
noon one two a week now she is
going three the deluxe police in the end I
want to tell you this she tries in each
of her interventions to show that she
is not an aunt who has betrayed that she does not
sell as she protects like But in the
end she is the one who benefits the most
economically coming out that it is a
good season right now television
for her but when this ends Maybe it
returns again to zero in fact as a
result of what happened the
first line returned Hello aunt on television it
occurred to her you may like more  or
less but it occurred to her and she's come back
since then it's like that
for me the greatest
Valencia right now is in the soap opera in
which they are increasingly involved is
Marta López and then Alexia that people are really
giving her a hard time on
social networks that I told you before
starting the live It's that I'm really
going to try to be objective but it's that
I don't know what was going on here the people
how many people are here right now almost
4000 3,600 and something how wonderful well the
people who are here that I know that the
majority either don't like Alexia or well I do
n't know if it's because of the mere fact that it's
a bit that she has gone against
the Flores Moreno or for something else but
I really have known her for
five years We talk almost every day
on WhatsApp and with me or rather I
talk to myself she has never behaved badly
in fact we have helped each other and
me to her and I don't see her as a girl as they
paint her Maybe on television she is something
else and I understand that people can
appreciate it well it's poison but it's
thaton television
but I know that she's not a bad woman and in
fact she's much better than many of
what people around here believe I'm
really telling you because if not no no no
I wouldn't have that relationship with her you
know I talk very fast people and there
are people who left my life for being
a shitty person like that Of course but I
want to tell you that the role of selection
to this story that they talk so much about I don't I mean I do
n't understand what you
want to tell you she in the end lived through a
situation
that they blame her for being a snitch but
yes yes it has been one it's that it doesn't get to that
point girl because it has been a [ __ ]
company party not because of that but she's the one who
like the one who would have leaked the most
things no but it's that I also see they
comment that if Isabel raba or that if she
told Aurelio that it is Aurelio let's see
in the end everything that happens on Telecinco is
going to go from one mouth to another and
nobody is ever going to stop it because that's how it works and it
is like that and thanks to that there is content that we
criticize but it's because  that's what the
rest of us experience or
the rest of us have fun But it's
true that Alexia, what has
shocked people is that she says
that this soul is affecting her,
that this personal thing seems to affect you, not
clearly, as if giving the example that
at the time Alexia, although
people don't believe it, it had a really bad time, I mean,
I used to send myself audios crying
when the thing with Merlos, I mean, we were talking badly,
badly, I mean, I came out like this, I weighed 45 kilos, they're
left at 38, I mean, badly, because later it was
good for her, yes And she says it, it's that
she ASSUMES it, yes, the good thing that
you have, that she ASSUMES it, she was a
survivor, she knows that's why she knows that's why she's a
collaborator And the thing is that you
say it, I mean, that's
absurd, no, that's why the good thing
that you have, at least SHE ASSUMES it and
I already know that maybe sometimes
her facet as a character is more interesting
than as a journalist. Hey,
I told her when she started on
television after Survivors, that
at the beginning Well, well, it was improving  and
I wrote it I told her aunt your evolution
is brutal that maybe people don't
understand it, they don't know how to see it from that prism
but but it is like that but I understand that
people hear well people are on the
programs for
people to give their opinions and criticize and judge but personally you know this girl no she's not a bad girl really come on I could be wrong in the future but the first thing is what I've told you, I mean the characters on television can vary a lot from how they are in reality and
you don't like a character a
collaborator a character that you don't like that there
are people who push you
back because of the way of speaking,
the expressions, the environment around you
Well I don't know but then maybe a
beautiful person who is tied but
in the case of Marta López, I'm
not saying she's bad, I don't know her
No, I'm not saying Sabana but I do see things
that
I wouldn't make her as a friend because look
here I've seen things that have
squared with things that I saw when she became
friends with Olga I don't know how but Marta
López is always the friend of the child at the
baptism, the friend  of the girlfriend and the friend
exactly a little a little but at
least Love love love is very Gossipy love
tells things that she finds out I don't know what I don't
know how much and does her thing but I'm like
for example I see Marta López
When she uploads the stories of the party in which they
are making out Yeah like she
wanted to record them it wasn't noticeable that she
wanted to now I understand you He's delighted
damn dad that I'm involved in this I
also do you know with Olga I don't
know how Olga trusted her because
she's Olga's friend and she already wanted to record
Olga when she was on vacation with
her
Jorge Javier put her because Javier
put him in a commitment not of such And she did
n't know how very well how to act and in
favor of the program or In order not to lose now
I also noticed that gesture
The truth is yes you're right
whoever doesn't know sálvame buy it
when she starts talking on the phone with
Ana Luque that later they publish the call
let's see if you are in sálvame I have
never had the case of working on
any of these television programs
but  Look, from my
YouTube channel I already know in advance that
if one day I have to be on a
television program I'm not going to talk on the
phone in the commercials
Of course but because on Sálvame they always
record in light blue it's a classic but
not on any of them I already by inertia even on
Castilla la Mancha I cover the
microphone if I want no no nothing happens you
know but it's like by inertia no no you have to be
very careful and that is
totally totally
bumpy Well I do
n't think so I don't think so I don't think let's see
Marta
[Music]